# Automatically Collected Information

The Experience Platform mobile extension automatically collects specific information and adds it to each Platform Event  sent to the Adobe Data Platform. Below is a list of the information collected.

## Identity

The [IdentityMap](https://github.com/adobe/xdm/blob/1c22180490558e3c13352fe3e0540cb7e93c69ca/docs/reference/context/identitymap.schema.md) defines a map containing end-user identities.

#### ECID

The Experience Cloud Identifier (ECID)  generated by the Adobe Experiece Cloud Mobile SDK is added to the Platform Event's `IdentityMap` . If the event already contains an `IdentityMap` object, the ECID is added to the existing `IdentityMap`, otherwise a new `IdentityMap` object is created and added to the Platform Event.

------



## Device

[Device](https://github.com/adobe/xdm/blob/1c22180490558e3c13352fe3e0540cb7e93c69ca/docs/reference/context/device.schema.md) is included in the [ExperienceCloud Environment Details](https://github.com/adobe/xdm/blob/1c22180490558e3c13352fe3e0540cb7e93c69ca/docs/reference/context/experienceevent-environment-details.schema.md) mixin and details data about the mobile device.

#### Manufacturer

The name of the organization who owns the design and creation of the Device.

#### Model

The name of the model for the Device.

#### Model Number

The unique model number designation assigned by the manufacturer for this Device.

#### Screen Width

The number of vertical pixels of the device's active display in its default orientation.

#### Screen Height

The number of horizontal pixels of the device's active display in its default orientation.

#### Screen Orientation

The current screen orientation ("portrait" or "landscape").

#### Type

Type of device being tracked. Currently either "phone" or "tablet".

------



## Environment

[Environment](https://github.com/adobe/xdm/blob/1c22180490558e3c13352fe3e0540cb7e93c69ca/docs/reference/context/environment.schema.md) is included in the  [ExperienceCloud Environment Details](https://github.com/adobe/xdm/blob/1c22180490558e3c13352fe3e0540cb7e93c69ca/docs/reference/context/experienceevent-environment-details.schema.md) mixin and includes information about the surrounding environment at the time of the event.

#### Carrier

A mobile network carrier.

#### Operating System

The name of the operating system.

#### Operating System Version

The full version identifier for the operating system.



