# Debugging

## Adobe Experience Platform SDK Logging

The Adobe Experience Platform Mobile SDK and the Experience Platform extension allow for detailed debugging in debug or test environments when using Verbose or Debug Log level. To enable this and see the log messages in your IDE see [Enable debug logging](https://aep-sdks.gitbook.io/docs/getting-started/enable-debug-logging).

## Inspect Experience events with Project Griffon

While the log messages can be quite helpful for an application developer, inspecting the events in the Project Griffon UI is even easier. In just a few steps, you can view the timestamp ordered list of all the events generated by the Experience Platform mobile extension, along with the confirmation that the request was successfully processed by the Adobe Experience Edge.

To use Project Griffon, follow the [Using Project Griffon](https://aep-sdks.gitbook.io/docs/beta/project-griffon/using-project-griffon) instructions.

### Event types handled by the AEP Mobile extension

Here is a list of the events currently supported by the AEP Mobile extension, that can be seen in the Project Griffon UI:

* _AEP Request Event_: it represents the experience event sent through the Experience Platform extension and contains the XDM and free-form data.
* _AEP Response Event Handle_: it represents the event handle received from Experience Edge in response to an AEP Request Event.
* _AEP Error Response_: you may see this error event in case of an error with the XDM payload sent to Experience Edge or if a server-side error is returned for other reasons.
* _service_: this event is published by the Adobe Experience Edge server through Server Side Forwarding and allows you to validate that the experience event was sent successfully to the service, along with the payload attached to the request, configId used, requestId etc.

**Hint:** If you want to filter out only the events handled by the Adobe Experience Platform mobile extension, you can type one of the event names listed above in the **Search Events** input field from the Session View.

