---
description: Archived Release Notes for 2020
---

# 2020

## December 18, 2020

### All iOS extensions

The AEP SDKs are now distributed using XCFrameworks in order to support hardware with the new Apple M1 architecture while maintaining support for existing Intel architecture.

**IMPORTANT:** Upgrading to XCFrameworks distribution requires Xcode 12.0 or newer

**IMPORTANT:** If using Cocoapods, upgrading to the XCFrameworks distribution requires Cocoapods 1.10.0 or newer

Below is a list of the new versions for each extension:

* iOS Core 2.9.0
  * iOS Identity 2.5.0
  * iOS Lifecycle 2.2.0
  * iOS Signal 2.2.0
* iOS Analytics 2.5.0
* iOS Assurance 1.1.0
* iOS Audience 2.2.0
* iOS Campaign 1.1.0
* iOS Campaign Classic 2.1.0
* iOS Media 2.3.0
* iOS Mobile Services 1.1.0
* iOS Places 1.4.0
* iOS Target 2.2.0
* iOS User Profile 2.2.0

## December 2, 2020

### iOS Core 2.8.2

* Update version for bundled ACPIdentity 2.4.1 release.

### iOS Identity 2.4.1

* Fix issue where push identifier had incorrect value in Identity shared state when `setPushIdentifer` was not called on each launch.

## November 23, 2020

### React Native Assurance 1.0.0

* AEP Assurance extension released for React Native. See: [Assurance React Native](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@adobe/react-native-aepassurance)

### Flutter Assurance 1.0.1

* AEP Assurance extension released for Flutter. See: [Assurance Flutter](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_assurance)

### Xamarin Assurance 0.0.1

* AEP Assurance extension released for Xamarin iOS. See : [Assurance Xamarin iOS](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Adobe.AEPAssurance.iOS/)
* AEP Assurance extension released for Xamarin Android. See : [Assurance Xamarin Android](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Adobe.AEPAssurance.Android/)

### Cordova Assurance 0.0.1

* AEP Assurance extension released for Cordova. See : [Assurance Cordova](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@adobe/cordova-aepassurance)

### Unity Assurance 0.0.1

* AEP Assurance extension released for Unity. See: [Assurance Unity](https://github.com/adobe/unity-aepassurance)

## November 18, 2020

### iOS Core 2.8.1

* Fixed a memory alignment issue that caused crashes in iOS 10.x.

## November 9, 2020

### iOS Audience 2.1.0

* Added new APIs getVisitorProfileWithCompletionHandler, signalWithData:WithCompletionHandler. These APIs take completion handler as an argument which is invoked with the desirable response or an NSError if an unexpected error occurs or the request times out.
* Added changes to publish Audience shared state on EventHub boot.
* Fixed an issue to handle Analytics response only if AAMForwarding is enabled.

## November 4, 2020

### iOS Core 2.8.0

* Update version for bundled ACPIdentity 2.4.0 release.

### iOS Identity 2.4.0

* Added a `device_consent` status parameter when `setAdvertisingIdentifier` is called after ad tracking is enabled/disabled.
* The default Identity Server URL of `dpm.demdex.com` is used if the SDK configuration parameter `experienceCloud.server` is either missing or an empty string.

## October 27, 2020

### iOS Griffon 1.2.1

* Minor bugs fixed.

## October 21, 2020

### iOS Core 2.7.6

* Fixed several crashes that were happening during app shutdown.

## October 7, 2020

### iOS Media 2.2.0

* Changed the **default** Ad tracking granularity to **10 seconds**. Added configuration key to enable 1 sec ad tracking.
* **Restart** tracking session every **24 hours** for long running sessions.

## October 06, 2020

The following updates were made in this release:

### iOS Analytics 2.4.0

* Added new APIs getQueueSizeWithCompletionHandler, getTrackingIdentifierWithCompletionHandler and getVisitorIdentifierWithCompletionHandler. These APIs take completion handler as an argument which is invoked with the desirable response or an NSError if an unexpected error occurs or the request times out.
* Added an enhancement to append previous app id and previous os version to backdated session info hits.
* Changes to read from Assurance shared state.

## October 05, 2020

The following updates were made in this release:

### iOS Assurance 1.0.0

* General availability and release of [Adobe Experience Platform Assurance](https://aep-sdks.gitbook.io/docs/using-mobile-extensions/adobe-experience-platform-assurance) that enables capabilities of [Project Griffon](https://aep-sdks.gitbook.io/docs/beta/project-griffon)

## September 29, 2020

The following updates were made in this release:

### iOS Campaign 1.0.6

* Added an enhancement to reduce the number of registration requests sent to Campaign. There is now a default 7 day registration delay which starts after the most recent registration request sent to Campaign is successful.
* Added configuration settings to change the default registration delay or to pause registration requests.

## September 22, 2020

### iOS Core 2.7.5

* Fixes an issue where the EventHub could be blocked by synchronous network calls returning recoverable errors.

## September 16, 2020

### iOS 14 Compatibility

* Latest extension versions of Adobe Experience Platform Mobile SDK are now certified for iOS 14. Please see [Current SDK Versions](../resources/upgrading-to-aep/current-sdk-versions.md) for more information on the latest version numbers.

## September 15, 2020

### iOS Project Griffon 1.2.0

* Fixed an issue caused by when extension unregistration and Shared State read events happen concurrently.
* New modified event structure is used to communicate with backend servers.
* New client details such as OSName, OS version, Model name, battery status, screen size, current location permission, low power mode and application configuration are now sent as a part of client event.
* The following public APIs are removed: attemptReconnect, sendEvent, sendBlob, loglocalUILevel and registerListenerForVendor.
* Improvements to client connection error screen to provide relevant error messages and descriptions.

## September 10, 2020

### iOS Core 2.7.4

* Fixed an intermitted issue where third party extensions may experience crashes after unregistration when using the `ACPExtensionAPI`.

### iOS Lifecycle 2.1.2

* Added previous application Id and OS version info to lifecycle event data.

## August 31, 2020

### iOS Target 2.1.7

* Added support for configuration option `target.server` which enables a custom host to be used for Target requests. This configuration option is available in the Adobe Target Launch extension starting with version 2.4.0.

## August 10, 2020

### iOS Core 2.7.2 (Released with ACPCore version 2.7.3 on Cocoapods)

* Fixed a crash happening on `AdobeMarketingMobile::RulesEngine::ProcessEventForRules()`.
* Fixed an issue where null values in rules consequences were not respected.

### iOS Identity 2.3.2

* Identity shared state now gets updated in current session on server response changes for blob or locationHint.
* In order to improve the Analytics push tracking reports, the push notification preferences \(`a.push.optin`\) are now forwarded to Analytics whenever the value passed to `setPushIdentifier` is different than the previous time it was called.
* Improved safety checks for the Identity APIs with completion handler.

### iOS Lifecycle 2.1.1

* Session start time is now added to the shared state of Lifecycle extension.

## July 24, 2020

### iOS Media 2.1.1

* Fixed a performance issue when tracking media.

## July 22, 2020

### Xamarin

* User Profile extension for Android [released](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Adobe.ACPUserProfile.Android/)
* User Profile extension for iOS [released](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Adobe.ACPUserProfile.iOS/)

### Unity

* User Profile extension for Unity [released](https://github.com/adobe/unity_acpuserprofile)

## July 21, 2020

### Mobile Core Launch Extension 2.1.15

* Added Modify Data action for Launch Rules. See more information on usage here: [Modify data in SDK events](../resources/user-guides/modify-data.md).
* Update requires Mobile Core iOS minimum version 2.7.2 and Android minimum version 1.5.5

  **July 17, 2020**

### Xamarin

* Places extension released for Xamarin. See current [Xamarin versions](https://aep-sdks.gitbook.io/docs/resources/upgrading-to-aep/current-sdk-versions#xamarin) for more information.

## July 16, 2020

### iOS Core 2.7.1 (Released with ACPCore version 2.7.2)

* Updated the wrapper type strings used by SDK plugins.
* Added support for the token `~timestampp` which complies with the Adobe Experience Platform Edge Network.
* Another attampt to fix the crash on `std::__1::system_error: mutex lock failed: Invalid argument`.

### Flutter

* Places and Places Monitor extension released for Flutter. See current [Flutter versions](https://aep-sdks.gitbook.io/docs/resources/upgrading-to-aep/current-sdk-versions#flutter) for more information.

## July 10, 2020

### iOS Audience 2.0.2

* Fixed an issue where UUID was not returned in getSdkIdentities API response.

## July 09, 2020

### Flutter

* Client-side Profile extension released for Flutter see [Profile](https://aep-sdks.gitbook.io/docs/using-mobile-extensions/profile#flutter) for more information.

## June 26, 2020

### iOS Identity 2.3.1 \(Released with ACPCore version 2.7.1 on Cocoapods\)

* Fixed an intermittent bug where Identity data was not loading at SDK initialization time.

### React Native

* Places Monitor extension released for React Native see: [Places Monitor React Native](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@adobe/react-native-acpplaces-monitor)

## June 24, 2020

### Cordova

* Places Monitor extension released for Cordova see: [Places Monitor Cordova](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@adobe/cordova-acpplacesmonitor)

## June 18, 2020

### iOS Project Griffon 1.1.3

* IntegrationId in Griffon’s shared state now has format sessionId\|clientId.

## June 17, 2020

### iOS Core 2.7.0

* Added tvOS compatibility
* Version 2.7.0 onwards, binaries are built with Xcode 11.0
* Fixed a crash which happened in AdobeMarketingMobile::ModuleEventListenerBase
* Added support for [Modify Data](https://aep-sdks.gitbook.io/docs/resources/user-guides/modify-data) rules.

### iOS Lifecycle 2.1.0

* Added tvOS compatibility
* Version 2.1.0 onwards, binaries are built with Xcode 11.0

### iOS Signal 2.1.0

* Added tvOS compatibility
* Version 2.1.0 onwards, binaries are built with Xcode 11.0

### iOS Identity 2.3.0

* Added tvOS compatibility
* Version 2.3.0 onwards, binaries are built with Xcode 11.0

### iOS Analytics 2.3.0

* Added tvOS compatibility
* Version 2.3.0 onwards, binaries are built with Xcode 11.0

### iOS Media 2.1.0

* Added tvOS compatibility
* Version 2.1.0 onwards, binaries are built with Xcode 11.0

## June 15, 2020

### React Native

* Support added for Project Griffon
  * [See more information in the React Native tab in the Griffon docs](https://aep-sdks.gitbook.io/docs/beta/project-griffon/set-up-project-griffon#add-project-griffon)
* Support added for Places
  * [See more information in the Places extension section of the Places docs](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/places/using/places-ext-aep-sdks/places-extension/places-extension.html?lang=en)

## June 12, 2020

### Cordova

* [Support added for Places extension in Cordova](https://github.com/adobe/cordova-acpplaces)
* [Support added for Profile extension in Cordova ](https://github.com/adobe/cordova-acpuserprofile)

## June 4, 2020

### iOS Project Griffon 1.1.2

* Reduced the scope of variable BUFFER\_SIZE that was exposed globally which may result in naming conflict

## June 2, 2020

### Additional frameworks supported by Adobe Experience Platform Mobile SDK

* [Apache Cordova ](https://aep-sdks.gitbook.io/docs/resources/upgrading-to-aep/current-sdk-versions#cordova)
* [Microsoft Xamarin](https://aep-sdks.gitbook.io/docs/resources/upgrading-to-aep/current-sdk-versions#xamarin)
* [Unity](https://aep-sdks.gitbook.io/docs/resources/upgrading-to-aep/current-sdk-versions#unity)

Each framework supports Mobile Core, Adobe Analytics and Project Griffon. Additionally, these frameworks have been released as open source projects that can be modified to suit your use cases.

See [Get the Experience Platform Mobile SDK](https://aep-sdks.gitbook.io/docs/getting-started/get-the-sdk) for information for installing and initializing the SDK.

## June 1, 2020

### iOS Analytics 2.2.4

* Fixed incorrect timezone offset calculation
* Fixed a crash which happened in Analytics::TrackLifecycle

## May 28, 2020

### iOS Core 2.6.2

* Added the capability for rules engine to reprocess the events that are dispatched before rules are loaded.
* Fixed the import statement in `ACPNetworkServiceOverrider.h`.

## May 27, 2020

### iOS Project Griffon 1.1.1

* Griffon extension is optimized to unregister itself, when it does not obtain session's deeplink URL within 5 seconds of app launch.
* Fixed a bug where user is not able to disconnect when griffon attempts to reconnect with expired socket URL.
* Support for prod, stage, qa and dev environment.
* Griffon socket connection now authenticates against organization Id.
* Griffon SDK attempts to seemlessly reconnect to its session on network interruptions.
* Fixed an issue where "Connect" button does not appear in the pinpad screen on iOS version 10 and below.
* Fixed a crash that happens when screenshots fails to upload to blob service.
* Fixed an issue where Griffon floating button disappears during orientation change.

## May 19, 2020

### iOS Media 2.0.0

* Uses media collection endpoint for tracking both streaming and downloaded content.
* Added support for player state tracking

## April 21, 2020

### iOS Core 2.6.1

* Added an internal enum for Cordova support.

## April 17, 2020

The following updates were made in this release:

### iOS Mobile Services 1.0.6

* Fixed a bug where the modal fullscreen message was shown with a white space at the top of the image.

## April 2, 2020

The following updates were made in this release:

### iOS Core 2.6.0

* Added support for overriding internal network stack with customer-provided implementation. For more information, see [Override network stack](https://aep-sdks.gitbook.io/docs/using-mobile-extensions/mobile-core/platform-services#ios).

## March 30, 2020

### iOS UserProfile 2.1.0

* Added an API `removeUserAttributes` to remove multiple attributes.
* Added an API `getUserAttributes` to get user attributes with provided keys.

## March 18, 2020

The following updates were made in this release:

### iOS Campaign Classic 2.0.3

* Report extension details to Mobile Core for improved logging and Griffon support.
* Fixed an issue where passing nil callback in `registerDevice` API caused a crash.

## March 16, 2020

The following updates were made in this release:

### iOS Core 2.5.1

* Fixed a crash which happened in `ADBJsonType::Get`.
* Fixed a crash which happened in `EventHubInner::CreateOrUpdateSharedStateCommon`, the crash was introduced on the version 2.5.0.
* Fixed an internal issue where the SDK failed to create a Json array if it contains empty items.
* Improved log messages.

### iOS Identity 2.2.1

* Fixed an issue where all Identity APIs with callbacks were subject to a timeout. Only Identity APIs which use a completionHandler callback are subject to a timeout.
* Improved existing log messages and added additional logging to assist with debugging.

### iOS Signal 2.0.4

* Report extension details to Mobile Core for improved logging and Griffon support.
* Improved log messages.

### iOS Lifecycle 2.0.4

* Report extension details to Mobile Core for improved logging and Griffon support.
* Improved log messages.

## March 10, 2020

### iOS Target 2.1.6

* Report extension details to Mobile Core for improved logging and Griffon support.
* Target Session Id will now be added as a context data parameter `a.target.sessionId` in the internal Analytics for Target hit sent to Adobe Analytics.

## March 2, 2020

The following updates were made in this release:

### iOS Analytics 2.2.3

* `AnalyticsResponse` events are now always dispatched regardless if the debugApi is enabled or if AAM forwarding is enabled.
* Report extension details to ACPCore for improved logging and Griffon support.
* Improved existing log messages and added additional logging to assist with debugging.

### iOS Project Griffon 1.1.0

* Added support for capturing device screenshot.
* Added support for forwarding application logs to Griffon.
* Added support for editing loaded launch configuration through Griffon.
* Added support for dispatching fake events from Griffon.
* Unique clientID and sessionID are now shared through Griffon shared state.
* Shared state contents of all the registered extensions are now forwarded to Griffon
* Griffon event now includes eventNumber and timestamp.
* Added an API to create ACPGriffonEvent with vendor, type, payload, and timestamp.
* Bug fixes.

## February 19, 2020

The following updates were made in this release:

### iOS Core 2.5.0

* Mobile Core now shares the list of enabled extensions and their meta data through shared state.
* Added Wrapper Type for Flutter.
* Exposed eventNumber and eventTimestamp in ACPExtensionEvent class.
* Added the following API to support the completion handler with an nullable `NSError` object:
  * `getPrivacyStatusWithCompletionHandler`
  * `getSdkIdentitiesWithCompletionHandler`

### iOS Identity 2.2.0

* Report extension details to Mobile Core for improved logging and Griffon support.

* Added the following APIs to support the completionHandler callback that is available in iOS ACPCore version 2.5.0:

  * `appendToURL:withCompletionHandler`
  * `getUrlVariablesWithCompletionHandler`
  * `getIdentifiersWithCompletionHandler`
  * `getExperienceCloudIdWithCompletionHandler`

  When the `completionHandler` is used, and you are retrieving the Mobile SDK values, the timeout value is 500ms; if the operation times out or is not successful, an `NSError` is returned.

## January 29, 2020

The following updates were made in this release:

### iOS Target 2.1.5

* Improved existing log messages and added additional logging to assist with debugging.

### iOS Campaign 1.0.5

* Improved existing log messages and added additional logging to assist with debugging.

## January 28, 2019

### iOS Project Griffon 1.0.4

* Griffon SDK adds and reports uniqueIdentifier and timestamp associated with eventHub events. \(works from Core v2.4.0\).
* Improved Logging to assist with debugging.

## January 27, 2020

### iOS Core 2.4.0

* Added a new property, `eventUniqueIdentifier`, to the `ACPExtensionEvent` class.
* Fixed an issue where the advertising identifier was duplicated in the response to the `getSDKIdentifiers` API.
* Fixed an issue where the SDK was trying to download the rules multiple times immediately after app launch.
* Fixed a crash on `std::__1::system_error: mutex lock failed: Invalid argument`.
* Fixed a bug where the iOS fullscreen message was unable to load cached images.

## January 25, 2020

### iOS Analytics 2.2.2

* `requestEventIdentifier` is now appended to all non-track events so that Lifecycle \(or other extension events that are sent to Analytics\) can be viewed with rich detail in Project Griffon.

## January 23, 2020

### iOS Mobile Services 1.0.5

* The shared state of the Profile extension can now be used as the traits for In-App Messaging.

## January 13, 2020

### iOS Project Griffon 1.0.3

* The Griffon bridge and the Griffon SDK are now unified.

  The set up steps are now slightly different. For more information, see [Set up Project Griffon](https://aep-sdks.gitbook.io/docs/beta/project-griffon/set-up-project-griffon).

* The Adobe Analytics debug flag is now enabled when you start a Griffon session and is disabled when you end the session.
* The client-side Griffon UI now logs Location Service entry and exit events.
* This version is compatible with iOS 13.
* Fixed a crash in LIBDISPATCH.

